I'm there though I'm like they do with
ukyo face down face up trap cocks well
cuts then time roulette go I love it all
I do is just believe in the heart of the
cards and then I think some but when I
use swordsman of Landstar
Oh woah woah woah woah woah woah woah
woah woah woah no surprise check out my
red eyes oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa surprise check out my red
eyes can't beat my can be fine no they
can beat my brooklyn rage can't beat my
can't beat my no they can beat my
brooklyn rage
oh god Brad Brad Brooklyn wait rub rub
Brooklyn reggae rap Brooklyn rage rub
rub rokay rage the site is on the line I
gotta win that one to run soon as they
see my creepy J scary Russian Roulette
is not the same without a gun
but since whipped up by four kids we
must make do with that one sock soul
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa no surprise check out my red
eyes oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa surprise check out my red eyes
can't babe I can be fine no they can
beat my brooklyn rage i don't wanna be a
fair
can't be my can be fine no they can be
my role playing
I don't wanna be a pirate grab grab grab
Brooklyn race brother Oakland ray Yankee
grab grab grab Brooklyn wrench brother
Oakland ray
I won't lose the Rex and weevil cuz
they're evil and then groovy with my
Yuki
I'm not bagging I'm just hanging with my
baby dragon met this chick with giant
boobies treated like what movies and
she's such a such an this neck i ate ii
can't beat my can't beat my no they can
be my brooklyn rage can't beat my can't
be fine no they can be my rage can't
babe I can't be fine no they can beat my
brooklyn rage can't beat my can't be
fine no they can be my rage can't beat
my can't be fine no they can't be my
frog
age can't beat my can't beat my no they
can beat my brooklyn rage i don't wanna
be a fairy
I've got that Brooklyn way Trevor
Brooking way
I've got roughly wait for a broken train
that Brooklyn rage web browser open
grave
trap that proclaim a frat brother Alegre
that rep will play right there brother
Alegre
that Brooklyn rage that rub broke leg
rain